## Self-Learning Roadmap 

This is a guide to self-learning about computer-related topics. The material is not designed to be consumed sequentially from start to finish. The idea is you will begin with a goal you wish to achieve. The information pertaining to that goal will include a list of prerequisite knowledge or skills you need in order to achieve the goal. At your own discretion, you can follow links to the prerequisite material to prepare yourself to learn the specific skills necessary to achieve the goal. 

For example, say your goal is to learn how to work with IBM DB2 on z/OS. A prerequisite to learning about DB2 is basic knowledge about relational databases. If you feel you need more information about that, you can follow links to find learning resources. When you are comfortable with the subject of relational databases in general, you can begin to learn about DB2 on z/OS in particular. Another prerequite is a working knowledge of TSO and ISPF, so that you can learn to use SPUFI and QMF. If you feel you need to learn more about TSO and ISPF, you can follow links to learning resource on those subject. Some z/OS installations use the optional product File Manager to support DB2 databases. If you need to learn about File Manager, you can follow links to learning resources about it.

Similarly, if your goal is to learn to use regular expressions in Java, prerequisites are a basic working knowledge of regular expressions and a basic working knowledge of Java. You can follow links to learning resources about subject that are prerequisite to the particular learning goal you are pursuing, and then dive into the primary subject of regular expressions in Java. 

The material is divided into "levels" where appropriate. Level zero typically means an <em>awareness</em> of the subject. You will learn the purpose of the technology in question and where it fits in the context of business, society, and software-related work. Level 1 is typically beginner-level technical material. Beyond Level 1, many topics branch off into more-specialized subtopics, with several or many at the same level, but covering different aspects of the overall subject. 

The content comprises a combination of original material and links to Internet resources and books you can use to teach yourself the subject of interest.

The idea is to begin with the "thing" you want to learn, fill in any gaps in prerequisite skills, and move forward at your own pace.